all right y'all we about to make some
chicken bacon ranch sliders for the
football game baby let's go all right
y'all one stick of butter babe now cut
them chicken thighs thin y'all onion
powder salt and pepper baby now go up on
your griddle put your chicken and some
buffalo sauce go ahead on and get that
bacon on now that chicken and that
Bacon's cooking up let's make some ranch
sauce 2 tbsp mayonnaise 3 tbsp sour
cream go at the fresh dill fresh parsley
garlic powder salt and pepper butter
milk to your consistency put it on and
give it a good mix now go up on it with
the Hawaiian rolls mozzarella cheese now
your chicken layer it up with your bacon
put some of that ranch on there now put
the top on there go ahead on with that
butter right on top and that ranch
seasoning all right y'all I dip it off
in that ranch we made