cooking a chicken with a particle
accelerator how would that work first we
need a raw chicken that's easy then we
need a particle accelerator so let's put
a chicken in it to avoid collisions
between air molecules and beam particles
we have to pump out all the air in the
beam pipe before we even turn it on as
the air pressure drops to near vacuum
moisture and other molecules vaporize
leaving the outer layer of the chicken
dried and brittle then as we cool down
the magnet any water remaining freezes
when the beam is turned on magnetic
fields focus it to the width of a hair
so it only collides with a narrow strand
of chicken but it completely obliterates
every atom in its way the tremendous
energy of the collisions burns the meat
around it or it would if there were any
Oxygen for it to burn and the space
around this hole doesn't stay raw rather
it becomes radioactive when we finally
pull our chicken out of the accelerator
it's not exactly raw but it's certainly
not cooked you can take a bite once it
thaws but we're not fans of food
poisoning or radiation poisoning so we
can't
recommend