you own the moon and Mars and everything
else in space really call a space lawyer
they'll tell you about the outer space
treaty it was born from the Cold War
when countries were racing to space it
forbids any of them from taking over
celestial bodies stuff in space is a
common good open to everyone unlike the
oceans and skies benefits us all but
what if you build a rocket land on the
moon and pick up a rock is it your rock
now if you bring it back to Earth can it
become your private property it depends
on who you ask the US and many others
are following new rules the emis Accords
they were designed to make room for
space mining you even get a safety zone
around your Landing site so no one can
disturb your work but what if you land
on a spot someone else wants what if
your Rockets completely cover an
asteroid it's still unclear what happens
then Russia and China have not signed
the Accords there's no clear way to
resolve disputes between everyone so
you'd better pay those lawyers fees and
get some good space Insurance you may
lose your rocks but at least