I have a question: why can't a robot just click 
"I'm not a robot"?turns out that the answer to
that question is part of a bigger story about 
being human. the tech is called reCAPTCHA. it
stands for "completely automated public turing 
test to tell computers and humans apart." you
might remember some of these older versions or 
these. robots are pretty good at those ones now
but the box test isn't really about the box. it's 
tracking all kinds of other things about your
behavior like for example where you put the mouse 
before you click the box. robots move like this
but humans move kind of like this. in other words 
these aren't about what makes humans better than
robots. they're about what makes humans human. 
that's not new. it's the same question we've been
thinking about for centuries and in a world where 
technology can do more and more surprising things,
I think there's something kind of beautiful about 
constantly trying to figure out what makes us
differentiated human. if you like optimistic 
science and tech stories follow for more...